when I started in broadcasting it wasn't
in a TV studio like studio way that
we're in right now here at rtv6 it was
in a radio studio little radio booth all
by myself I didn't especially think that
I was going to be on TV the nice thing
about my gig here at rtv6 is that I
still get to do my first love every
morning so when I'm not out here with
the team on Good Morning Indiana a lot
of you probably hear me on one of the
five radio stations that I'm on all
across the state every day I wonder how
I do that so this is just off around the
corner from the news set that you see on
TV so we're still in studio a we're just
around the corner and depending on the
radio station I'm on I'm on me either
regular plain old telephone on some of
the radio stations I'm on an ISDN and
digital phone line so they can pick up
the full fidelity of stuff like that
that's very important I wonder what it
looks like on the other end where the
radio station actually is and it all
starts with David Goodis team I to the
season you know I like in the movies and
I was great they're always set it up so
they greet the person I just happen to
be what is it you would say that I add
to your show and be specific the glowing
the complete be precise I'm saying the
boomer so we'll have their Homer know
the humor I'm saying humor no he brings
humor to the show and brings a coffee
from time three dots what else do we
talked about this on the idea today
you're the funniest guy oh and your mic
sounds the best
your microphone shows us will have to
take some cover shots up my other
microphone other radio guys that is so
that you guys are so funny alright
here's the forecast okay I'm doing some
of my sidekick stuff there actually I do
think that everybody I work with on the
radio was a fun and funny and it's a
it's a big part of my day and I'm glad
that you could spend a little bit of it
with me you're on A&E channel calm by
the way there's this off the cuff thing
that I do it's on the site somewhere
else go look for it okay see you soon